Document the new notifications (#880)
neo4j/docs-cypher: modules/ROOT/pages/constraints/examples.adoc

Creating an already existing constraint will fail.
To avoid such an error, `IF NOT EXISTS` can be added to the `CREATE` command.
This will ensure that no error is thrown and that no constraint is created if any other constraint with the given name, or another node property uniqueness constraint on the same schema, already exists.

> Instead, an informational notification will be returned showing the pre-existing constraint blocking the creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
label:new[Introduced in 5.17] An informational notification is instead returned showing the existing constraint which blocks the creation.
```

multiple occurrences

edit: added label

(no changes, no records)
----

> .Notification

Author: For the docs team review: I'm not sure how we want to represent notifications and if/how we want to add it to the docs testing

Reviewer: thanks, i'll ask in our daily stand-up tomorrow

Reviewer 2: I think the choice you've made is good. There's no plan to test notifications as of now, also given how few of them we have in docs (if any, beyond this addition).
